README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - News homepage solution

This is a solution to the [News homepage challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/news-homepage-H6SWTa1MFl). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Links

- [Solution URL](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/mobile-first-news-landing-css-grid-custom-scrollbar-iRscvwOnWm)
- [Live Site URL](https://ishmaelsealey.github.io/fem-news)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

I learnt that I can significantly reduce the time I spend coding a project by doing a diagram of how I
plan to accomplish the intended design.

The night before I made the image below and it greatly helped me figure out how I would do the project,
so I spent less time thinking and more doing!
![the image i created](./design/fem%20news%20landing%20(1).png)
It my look like chaos to others, but to the one who created it, it makes complete sense.

### Useful resources

- [Fireship.io Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@Fireship) - Gave me an idea on how to animate the hamburger menu.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Ishmaelsealey](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Ishmaelsealey)
- Instagram - [@ishmael.sealey](https://www.instagram.com/profile/ishmael.sealey)

Commit message:

described my image and what my thought process was

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - News homepage solution

This is a solution to the [News homepage challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/news-homepage-H6SWTa1MFl). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Links

- [Solution URL](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/mobile-first-news-landing-css-grid-custom-scrollbar-iRscvwOnWm)
- [Live Site URL](https://ishmaelsealey.github.io/fem-news)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

I learnt that I can significantly reduce the time I spend coding a project by doing a diagram of how I
plan to accomplish the intended design.

The night before I made the image below and it greatly helped me figure out how I would do the project,
so I spent less time thinking and more doing!

![the image i created](./design/fem%20news%20landing%20(1).png)
It my look like chaos to others, but to the one who created it, it makes complete sense.
Let me explain:

- The elements are numbered 1 through 6 (except the header). This reflects the order the elements will appear in the html file
- Blue boxes outline the biggest containers I will have and black lines outline where blocks start and end.
  - these also outline where I expect my grid to be
  - This helps me see which elements will span multiple columns or rows in the case of element 1 and element 4.
- the h1 through 3 tags help me see what tags I anticipate wil lbe used
- The red box outlining everything is there simply to show that there will be space around the main content.
  - margin meant that I would have to add margin the the header and main body tags, I would also have to keep track of how much left and right margin was added to keep the spacing identical
  - padding meant that I would add padding to the body tag, easier to keep consistent between header and main

### Useful resources

- [Fireship.io Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@Fireship) - Gave me an idea on how to animate the hamburger menu.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Ishmaelsealey](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Ishmaelsealey)
- Instagram - [@ishmael.sealey](https://www.instagram.com/profile/ishmael.sealey)
